So as of right now all we know about simply literals in that is exactly what they're called is that
they're kind of like fancier strings and they really allow us to make multiline strings.
Not a problem.
And on top of that we also learn that any subsequent line after the first line any space inside of that
line on the string is going to be counted towards the total length property of that particular string.
Now that is well and good but that's pretty limited.
So what we need to know now about template literals is something called substitution which I hope I
spelled correctly.
Substitution is something pretty cool.
And I'm going to illustrate it to you like so I'm going to make a variable called Let name in set it
equal to.
So I'm going to do a new name like Ricky.
That's a pretty good name there.
So with that being said if I ever wanted to let's say make a new name like Leck greeting instead of
equal to hello there Ricky the way I'd have to do it.
As we know is with good old fashioned concatenation like so.
And now if I cancelled out log the greeting you'll see I get.
Hello there Ricky.
So of course you should add a comma for good grammar sake.
With that being said this is kind of cumbersome.
It's literally as simple as it possibly could be but it's kind of a pain especially if I have multiple
strings that I want to concatenate like so.
Hello there Ricky and then period.
How are you.
And then maybe you can catch his age or something like that.
As you can see it becomes a mess year and messier with substitutions.
That is a thing of the past.
Instead what I can do is something like this.
I'll do let greeting tactics which should be to the left of the one on your keyboard the number one
and I can do.
Hello there.
And now this is the substitution syntax dollar sign.
Curly braces and then the name of the variable.
And then of course semi-colon.
Now you can see it does the exact same thing.
Hello there Ricky.
But in this particular case instead of having to concatenate the string with the variable that contains
a string I can just put it directly inside of the template literal.
And this is referred to as substitution.
So I can directly link up with variables.
Now I can have more than one substitution in the same string.
For example I could do let ages like 57 like that and then I can do for example Hello there your name
and then your notes your name is where your age is.
Well do your age is.
And then another substitution.
Like so and boom just like that.
Hello there Ricky.
Your age is 57 automatically implicitly coerced into a string inserts it after it picks up what the
value is.
It's pretty nice stuff.
And since this is such a cool part of javascript we are going to be using it a lot especially when we
work with things like ourselves and API.